Grey streaks on the horizon announced the approach of dusk. Frost coated the grass, and once she stepped into the yard, she knew the front door was unlocked.
As she made her way through the frozen grass, she felt them following her-little pinpricks of fear that shot out from the shadows and under the porch,
then scurried away again.

Releasing the limp twist of her key, she let herself into the house, just to prove to herself she was no longer in danger. 

Her eyes, accustomed to the dark, struggled to adjust as she went through the motions of learning the ins and outs of the cabin, picking up the ropes and settling in.

Thank the goddess that she had the foresight to pack extra clothing in her suitcase.

It was likely going to be a cold day.

After a quick shower, she dug through her suitcase and pulled out a set of sweats, an old Army T-shirt, a set of wool socks, a hat, and a pair of gloves. She dried her hair and threw her clothes into the bag, then pulled her boots on over her jeans. To be on the safe side, she pulled on her jacket as well. She tied the sweater tightly around her neck and, before she could change her mind, pulled on her pack.

She stepped into the darkness.

No one would know where she'd been.

In an attempt to distract herself, she walked down to the landing and looked across the crackling ice. She knew, in this forest of snow, it was better to turn back.

If they needed her, they would come for her, and with a wife and children back home, she knew her father wouldn't send her back against her will.

In that case, she had only two choices: find her way home alone, or wait for someone who wanted to take her home.

There was a reason why people turned to gods; To believe in something larger than themselves, something with no chance of failure.

None of those options sounded very appealing, and she realized that her stomach was growling again.

Lift her foot, start a slow run, and hope she made it before that wolf in the darkness could catch her scent.


Bergil made a sudden motion, sweeping her up in his arms. Shocked, she found herself looking up into his face.

"You know you're supposed to be riding behind me, right?"

She shook her head.


"No, that was a silly old girl dream. 
You're not going to get hurt.
That dog's not going to eat you."

The minute her foot hit the ground she took off at a dead run.

She came to a skidding halt, heart pounding hard.

Go back to him.

"Stay away from me."

It was a chant in her mind, urging the wolf to follow.

He'd fought the evil but he was still his own worst enemy. Without his lifemate he was as vulnerable as any other carnivorous beast, but at least, being in the fight, he felt he was still in control. Her determination helped ease the fire burning through his veins to his hands.

That was worth something.

His heart went out to Dimitri.

Vampire blood and atrophied hearts did not mix well together.

He was well aware of the dangers, and as close as he was, the color should have drained from his brother's face, but he looked so calm and confident, Zev found it almost comical.

Lifting a hand toward Dimitri, Zev signaled to allow him his privacy.

Dimitri nodded his understanding, but managed a small smile when he took a step away from his lifemate, turning his back to her to descend the stairs.

He slid into the driver's seat of the Land Rover and waited for her.

There was no point in leaving her sitting in the front room feeling sorry for herself.

He didn't want her worrying about him, worrying about what was to come, or what might be said to her.

Skyler was a fighter, an exceptional fighter.

She was struggling against the changes and the devastation the ring was causing to her body, but she would fight it to the end.

Slimy hands grabbed at her as she passed.

Reeking breath was mixed with the thick metallic stench of the thing she'd just fought, and the thing she was struggling against now.

Skyler fell to her knees.

"Take me," she said.

"Please."

With one move, the vampire whipped out its arm and flung her.

She flew.

"No!"

Skyler screamed.

But there was nothing she could do, nothing she could say to save her.

The sudden boom and vibration of the ring caused the vampire to stumble.

He looked down at his hand and saw a small spark of electricity burn the tips of his fingers.

The pain was intense, and he threw his hand up to his face.

"What is that?"

It was the fourth ring of the bell.

"You'll never know me again" she said. "I'm telling you the truth. And I've come this far to tell you the rest.

If you turn me over now, you'll never see me again.

You'll never know how to find me.

You'll never see that I'm here.

Or if you do, it will be just like we parted."

Dmitri could hardly believe his eyes.

She had faked her own death.

That made him angry, but what could he do?

He sighed.

I died, like I said I would, and this time it's true.

They have been looking for you since you were a baby.

If anyone has a right to be mad, it's them.

After what you did, they think you deserve it.

You killed their parents and moved on.

Never looking back.

They're practically criminals because of you.

Don't let them take you.

"I haven't breathed a breath that wasn't my own since I left the crowd. I have been running for two days. I want to find my sister. I will find her. When I do, she is going to know that I'm sorry.
I will find her. When I do, she is going to know that I'm sorry, and that I did the best I could with what I had to work with.

But like my first animal, she may not let me in.

The animal world is an incredibly mysterious one; They take on personalities of their own. Unlike humans, we cannot truly see into them.

There is one exception, however, I recently had a glimpse into my female friend's male canine friend and I will explain.

I've always wondered what it was like to be a canine. I mean, their lives are so much simpler than ours.

What is it like to be canine? I am certain you know."

Even those who have never experienced the wonder of a canine's eyes could understand its essence. Even a soul - less fish would be compelled to stare into one.

"Do you see?" She asked.

"The skin of this dog, really the perfect skin, is unblemished. His hair would be long enough to ruffle your chin if you were to run your hand up its flank, but it is short enough not to appear unkempt. It is smooth, like fur, but not, of course, for its length. It is polished in every direction."

The muscles on the top of his back rippled with the spring of his movement, his head snapping from side to side with the urgency of his intent, his teeth flashing out just enough.

The area on his left leg, between the thigh and hip, which had not healed as well, was darkened, with a purple rash.

She knew it was not a benign thing.

It was possible the end had come for him.

She wanted to scream.

There was nothing She could do. But he grimaced and looked into her eyes and wagged his tail, and somehow She knew (though it didn’t seem like She had any right to know) that everything was all right, and She smiled and said, “Thanks, Dmitri.”

What if she hadn’t remembered? What if She had looked and found that the dog had killed the woman? That was all She needed to know. She punched at the air in frustration. How could She not have caught it? How could She not see that there was something wrong? How could He leave her to find the body all by herself?

She took a deep breath and leaned against a tree. She should have stopped, but she had been so angry. And she was right to be. She’d done all she could to ensure that the dog wouldn’t kill anyone else. It would only attack if it sensed its familiar was in mortal danger. 

She’d seen it in action before. The dog was deadly and vicious, but it had never killed anyone before.

And now that she’d dealt with the threat, she had to move on. She had to protect the others. And she had to stop thinking about Dmitri.

She’d come so close to losing him. And the thought of never seeing him again, or even knowing what had become of him…

She couldn’t think like that.

She had to stay strong.

She had to keep her emotions in check.

She had to stop thinking about him.

She was supposed to be thinking about her job. She had to keep the others safe.

It was all she could do.

She walked back to the camp, but she didn’t stop there. She kept going, moving deeper into the forest. She’d come so close to losing him. She had to make sure that he wasn’t lost forever.

She had to stop thinking about him.

She had to keep her emotions in check.

She had to protect her friends.

She had to stop thinking about him.

Skylar pointed to the boulders, where a boy sat.

“Lonely?” asked Skylar. “Where is the other werewolf?”

“I couldn’t find him,” said the boy, shaking his head. “We haven’t been here long. And then he wasn’t there. I was going to look for him in the morning.”

Skylar nodded. “Did you talk to him?”

“No,” said the boy, shaking his head again. “I just figured he’d be around.”

“I’m not gonna leave him like that,” said Skylar. “How long did you say he had been wandering?”

“I don’t know. A couple of days.”

Skylar squinted at the boy. He appeared to be seventeen, though he didn’t have a beard. He was younger than Skylar. He was fit, with ropy muscles from hours of constant running. He had short, dark hair and dark eyes. The boy didn’t look like a werewolf. He looked like a normal teenager. His eyes were the only thing that betrayed his identity. They were as white as the moon.

Skylar sat down on the ground and put her arms out in front of her, like a woman waiting for a chair. “So, you saw a girl in the woods?”

“She said she was my friend,” said the boy.

“How did she sound?” asked Skylar.

“She sounded scared,” said the boy.

“You should go get her,” said Skylar. “She was a stranger and you didn’t feel afraid? That doesn’t seem right. You were good at sensing danger. I should see if I can get a reading on you. Can you feel my emotions?”

The boy looked at her, and his eyes narrowed. “What are you talking about?”

Skylar leaned forward, and her arms folded in front of her, hands on her knees. “You do, don’t you? The girl in the forest—”

“That girl... It was you.”

“You think I’m a werewolf?”

“Why not?”

“Because I’m not one. I’m a normal human.”

“So, if I know where you were in the woods for two days, how come you don’t know where my sister was for one night?”

The boy’s expression darkened. “I—what did she look like?”

“She was standing alone, unarmed, in the middle of the woods,” said Skylar. “Not far from here.”

The boy’s eyes went wide. “How do you know that?”

“I sensed her there.”

The boy rubbed his temples. “I can’t. I can’t sense her. I don’t know her. I don’t even think I’ve ever seen her before.”

“Well, why aren’t you more afraid of me?”

The boy looked up and he was staring straight into Skylar’s eyes. Skylar saw terror in the boy’s eyes.

“I’m not afraid of you,” said the boy. “I’m afraid of being alone. I’m afraid of the dark. I’m afraid I’m afraid of my sister and she could be in trouble.”

Skylar gave the boy a long look. She understood the boy’s terror. She had been afraid all her life. She would have felt fear for the boy. She had been afraid for herself, before She realized what was going on.

“Alright,” said Skylar. “Do you know where your sister is?”

The boy shook his head.

“Then I don’t think we should have this conversation in the woods in the middle of the night,” said Skylar.

Skylar followed the boy’s gaze. She saw the white wolf on the other side of the pond, watching the two of them.

The boy shook his head as his sister appeared, sitting on a rock, before them.

“How do you know she was afraid?” Skylar asked him.

“Because she wasn’t moving. She stood there. She wasn’t running. She just stood there,” said the boy.

“You just stood there?” Skylar asked. “You can’t see the wolves?”

“I know she was afraid because she wasn’t moving,” said the boy.

“She was standing there,” said Skylar. “Look at her.”

The boy turned to look at his sister, still sitting on the rock, looking at the water, not moving. He shook his head again.
